Let's quickly recap what we've seen in the past couple of videos.
So we started with this basic understanding of fitting a line on a model by manipulating the model parameters.
And the idea was to reduce an error at the end of the final model so that we have the optimum values
for the model parameters.
So that essentially gone Fitting the model.
And that is what we did over here in this basic beauty portion of our code.
Then we went ahead and decided that we wanted to do classification which is a yes or no answer either
for one class which is called a classification in binary classification or for multiple classes which
is multi class classification.
Then we saw how this classification model simple classification model can be used in conjunction with
other models to convert it into a deep neural network which is able to make high level decisions as
opposed to the simple decisions that can be made by a basic classification model.
Finally we took a look at how we can create deep neural networks by having multiple hidden layers.
And we took a look at the multi class classification.
Now as I mentioned again and again this course is only an introductory course.
And we don't want to go into the theory too much because I have seen again and again that when you're
just getting an introduction to machine learning going into too much to read without code really hurts
your progress.
So in this course we're going to keep the tool to a minimum and that is essentially all the theory that
we're going to do.
However when you're done with the course you do want to understand the mathematics behind the machine
learning models.
If you really want to get an understanding of that.
So what I'm going to do is I'm not going to cover the details of the theory within this course but once
you go through this code and you have gone through all the codes that are necessary for the understanding
of your networks I want you to go back and take a look at this deep learning talk which was a very applied
talk that I gave last year.
This is available completely free of cost.
If you go to this you are I'll bet at least practice.
So this is a talk given by me to a university audience and this is a little bit math heavy but it covers
all the mathematical background that is necessary to go from what we have in this course up to whatever
is necessary for understanding everything else.
So I highly recommend that you go over there to this you are and take a look at the approximately one
and a half hour free dog which takes a look at all the mathematical details that we've missed in this
course.
So again it's free.
You don't have to pay for the video you just go over to the viewer and watch it.
So I highly recommend you do that after you have gone through this course in detail.